Last year I went to Fosdem and Cfgmgmtcamp as a place to meet collegues that I didnt saw for 
a few years after moving to Netherlads. 

Ive done that and also meet new people from SI and that opened my eyes to a englsih speaking tech world.
Before that I was mostly in ru speaking tech circles and even if I read proffesional
sources that does bot felt like belonging there. And that meet changed that I've felt 
like I found my tribe on cfgmgmtcamp, thats why I was looking forward for that year.

I've skipped fosdem as it is too busy and overcrowded and planned trip directly to Ghent.

It started at a frosty 8:00 in the morning sun were shining anf sky were blue.
Usual morning procedures, breakfast with quesaidia with chicken and cuppa of black tea.
Packed toothbrush and ipad and notebook as last items + charger.
Took a lenghty bath to wash away night sweat and refresh myself before trip. Appplyed my favourite perfume with Pachuli aroma.
Collected gargbage and paper bags from food delivery service and prepared to throw it away when leaving.
Of course skimmed through twitter/bsky/tg to woke up and check if anybody else is going.

I was eager to go and just before leaving house, my friend send me a message with thanks fro my support.
I was pleased and started to smile - that was a best way to start a long day.

On we go, put some daily playlist in spotify - it picked up some Eldamar songs and 
I went for a short 10m walk to tram stop, it was a bit chilly outside but I was wearing
t-shirt, thin SI hoodie, uniqlo undercoat, and ot top layer decathlon jacket - I was worm.

I get to the stop in time and shorlty tram arrived as usual get inside behind conductor booth, and
my trip started here, on a next stop pair of party people boarded, they had strong and unpleasant smell of perfume.
Men were dressed in hoodie and sport pants + banana bag, women in white hoodie, she was classic exaple of instagramm face 
with very long lashes (some of her hair stuck in lashes) platinum blonde, luckly man blocked that arome from his
companion and they left after few stops.

During the ride Ive also noticed an old grey bearded man riding a bike with palestinian flags, his face didnt match 
expected nationality, and after few stops he left bycicle on bycicle path after another bridge.

Ive arrived early to the railstation, so went inside passed through it and got to AH, 
had to circle it 2 times to find sneakers and twix as a snaks for a 3h long trip, bought them
and got to perron, Ive went to 13b and it was with shutdown tableu and pretty empty, that i didnt mind, but after 
half an hour I was approached by prorail staff and he explained that I should go to 13a, where indeed will be my train.

Got there in were more crowded, still put my backpack on a beton platfrom that holds signs, and was chilling on a sun stuck in phone, after another 30m train finally arrived. As usual it was red thalys - aka eurostar.

Took a small queue to my cart and boarded it, I was lucky my seat was forward looking, also nearby seat 
were occupyed by french men, for some reason he was in a worm black winter jacket (he removed it after few stops)

I've put podcast in my ears for now and started to listen to one with Shane Pegg, about AGI
google deepmind and other stuff - unfortunatly there were no usefull or intresting information.
Except his prediction about exponential growth of data and algo and boom around 2025.

Window on my side were closed due to sun and I were looking on a green fields and farms into opposite one.
After around 1h podcast ended, and I started a new one with Patrick Debois, about devops and AI,
unfortunatly it was also disaappointed, and no new thoughts it brought to me..

I've ate twix, and after 2h we arrived to Antwerp, Ive chose to go to a new side of station and had to take some detour to
reach train that will get me to Ghent, fortunatly train arrived early and I had 10m to get to plarfrom 1 from deep undergroud platfrom 18, so I made it in time and boarded that one.

On the left were a family with small girl, her jacket were left on a seat as it were worm inside,
beside me shortly after new pair of people arived, the were literraly as one from gamer and gamer girlfriend meme.

Ive ate snickers and looked outside window to sunlit greenfileds again another hour passed and Ive arrived to Ghent.

Ghent station is in process of reconstruction and some exits are closed, nevertheless I've forgot that I had to go to tram and lost a minute roaming around bus stops, so missed my tram, and had to wait 10m. During that time
sent a message to try a chance if anybody from SI discord would like to meet and join for a dinner (silence was my reply)

Got to the hotel, was a bit surprised that room was in another building, got there, 
it was indeed with a garden view, and pretty silent but without bathtub (I've specifically were looking for a room with one)

Dropped backpack - refreshed myself a bit and started to look for a nearby resto for a dinner, found Boker Tov
and got there, ordered shackshuka, with pomegranade and star anise mocktail, it was hot and tasty, also added tahini brownie, but after shackshuka I  was full and had to pack to go. 

Got out of resto and took a circle to get back, roamed a bit around river banks and old buildings, took a few fotos of castle and church. On a bridge in the middle under a crescent moon and saturn (very bright) were sitting man and playng on glucophone, i've paused my walk and listened for a few minutes it was pleasant and nice melody. 

After that I proceeded to main road and got to the AH that's nearby my hotel and bought 
sandwitch and cheese plate and bread for a breakfast. Got into room and took a shower.

After shower dived into chats and spend a some time in dialogue about rakugo and monogatari series, it was fun.

Made a tea and ate another few pieces off of brownie.

Calculated when I should woke up in order to get a breakfast and get to an opening talk at 9:00, and its around 7:30-8:00 - so early, but instead of going to sleep at 22 I've watched youtube, and now decided to write a blog, so here it is. 
